[DOCS] Adds instructions on model install in air-gapped env (#542)
elastic/eland: docs/guide/machine-learning.asciidoc

Replace the `$ELASTICSEARCH_URL` with the URL for your Elasticsearch cluster. For authentication purposes, include an administrator username and password in the URL in the following format: `https://username:password@host:port`.

[discrete]
[[ml-nlp-pytorch-air-gapped]]
==== Install models in an air-gapped environment 

You can install models in a restricted or closed network by pointing the 
`eland_import_hub_model` script to local files. 

> To be able to complete the process below, make sure that 
> https://git-lfs.com/[Git Large File Storage] is installed in your system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For an offline install of a Hugging Face model the model first needs to be cloned locally,
Git and https://git-lfs.com/[Git Large File Storage] are required to be installed in your system.
```

1. Select a model you want to use from Hugging Face. Refer to the 
{ml-docs}/ml-nlp-model-ref.html[compatible third party model] list for more 
information on the supported architectures. 

2. Clone the selected model from Hugging Face by using the model URL. For 
example:
+
--
[source,bash]
----
git clone https://huggingface.co/dslim/bert-base-NER
----
This command results in a local copy of 
https://huggingface.co/dslim/bert-base-NER.
--

3. Use the `eland_import_hub_model` script with the `--hub-model-id` set to the 
directory of the cloned model to install it:
+
--
[source,bash]
----
eland_import_hub_model \
      --url 'XXXX' \
      --hub-model-id /PATH/TO/MODEL \

>       --task-type ner --insecure --es-model-id bert-base-ner

Reviewer: Once uploaded to Elasticsearch the model will have the Id specified by`--es-model-id`. If `--es-model-id` is not set the model Id is derived from the file path in `--hub-model-id` with spaces and path delimiters converted to double underscore `__`.

----
If you use the Docker image to run `eland_import_hub_model` you must bind mount 
the model directory, so the container can read the files:

[source,bash]
----
docker run --mount type=bind,source=/PATH/TO/MODELS,destination=/models,readonly -it --rm elastic/eland \
    eland_import_hub_model \
      --url 'XXXX' \
      --hub-model-id /models/bert-base-NER \

>       --task-type ner --insecure --es-model-id bert-base-ner

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      --task-type ner \
      --es-username elastic --es-password XXX \
      --es-model-id bert-base-ner
```

Same as above, we shouldn't have --insecure in our examples

Author: @davidkyle I copied these commands from [this comment](https://github.com/elastic/eland/issues/502#issuecomment-1335193128). Shouldn't it be updated accordingly?
